#Arrow, a realtime dashboard for DataSift

Over the last few months we have identified a need to show the full capabilties of DataSift to our end users, for some reason most people don't get as excitied about a JSON feed as we do. So what if we can visulize this JSON feed? We have dabbled in a number of smaller visulisations over the past couple of years, but decided to buy a framework that will visulise everything DataSift produces. We have been tinkering away on a little dashboard, we call this dashboard Arrow and today not only are we releasing a version for you to use <a href="http://datasift.github.com/Arrow/demo/">http://datasift.github.com/Arrow/demo/</a> we are also open sourcing it.

In other words we built this awesome project and we want you to play with it!

##Features

* Visulisations of live streams using your API key, username and a Stream hash
* Visulisations of DataSift Export's (up to 500mb depending on your computer)
* Pie chart visulations of key aspects of your Stream or Export
* Line chart visulations stacked over time
* World map visulations of geo data

##FAQ

###Why is it called Arrow
Really simply it was next in our list of medevil weapons to name a project.

###How do you stop the browser from crashing
We use the 0 timeout method as described by <a href="http://dbaron.org/log/20100309-faster-timeouts">David Baron</a>.

###What browser do you recommend
We recommend the use of Chrome when using Arrow, comparing Firefox and Chrome over large datasifts Chrome seems to render slightly faster.

###My browser crashes when uploading a file
This will happen with very large files. Try restarting the browser and trying again, otherwise reduce the size of the file.

###Can Arrow support other dataformats
Arrow was designed to work with DataSift, but there is no reason why it cannot work with any JSON or CSV file. You would need to look into modifying the data JavaScript file to convert your JSON into a format it can understand.

###Where can I find documentation on how Arrow works
You can find documentation on Arrow over at the <a href="http://github.com/datasift/Arrow/wiki">Github wiki</a>.